The Joe Rogan experience.
It doesn't mean just because you don't like Trump as an individual that suddenly
you're okay with hard left policies.
But I think the Democrats make that mistake.
I think they're there.
They think that that's the solution to Trump goes as far away from him as
possible. And then the solution by the center. I think exactly.
That's the solution. I think the solution somewhere in the center and when,
when you see like what's happening in Portland and Seattle,
I think people are more aware than ever now that civil unrest is like,
it's, it's very strange.
It's very strange to watch them try to break into that.
What was the building in Portland?
They were trying to Hatfield a courthouse, the federal courthouse.
That was insane. Yeah. Watch.
On. That was insane. I don't understand the motivation,
like connecting that to how, how do you connect that in Portland,
the most liberal city in the country?
How do you PR how do you are arguably right. Probably the most liberal,
the most.
Progressive model Portland right there.
How do you connect that to black lives matter? I mean,
how do you connect that to George Floyd's death? How do you connect that to why?
Why, why? I just don't understand.
Why would you try to break into the courthouse to trying to recreate what went
wrong? What didn't work in Seattle, right? That whole, uh,
zone Toronto. Yeah, that didn't work. I mean, that was nonsense. It was crazy.
You made a worst version of American six blocks.
It's like one of those little tiny, a little, you know,
like if you took a glass dome and you put like little animals in there and
you'll let them eat each other alive, like I was like, we're going to,
we're going to create utopian glass.
Like they made a worst version of the United States.
They put up borders immediately. They stopped people from coming in.
They had armed guards, they wind up using police tied. They didn't have cops,
but they have people that act like cops and beat the out of people for filming.
Right. The whole thing is madness. They had murders. It.
Was it's. Um.
I mean, look, Portland. I, I know Portland extremely well. My parents lived,
uh, in Portland for a couple of decades, place a, it used to be a real,
a hell of a place, but over the years, and, and, you know, I,
I know Republicans and Democrats who feel the same way who were in Portland and
the surrounding area. And they all feel like this place is, is slowly, you know,
circling down a toilet because of local and state, uh, management.
Right. And so, uh, what happened in Portland?
Not really a surprise, you know, it's, it's the same. The, the, the people that,
that, that, that do this sort of activity, right. That, you know, uh,
have been referred to as Antifa or anarchists or whatever,
they, the same sort of trust of ferry and, you know,
bottom feeding folks in,
in really any city in the world who engage in a WTO protest because it's
cool to get out there and protest. I don't understand the mentality,
but if you try to figure out a motivation for them, you know,
you'll lose your mind because they definitely don't have one.
You could take 10 of those people out of Portland who were engaged in sort of
the, the violent activity and asked him, well, why are you doing this?
And you'll get 10 different answers, right. They really don't have,
it's not like that. And they've the, the sad part about it is they,
they hijacked a very legitimate protest over, um,
you know, really serious, important questions about how do we,
how do we improve policing around the country? How do we get to that point?
And I'll tell you the most disappointing part about it is after,
after the tragedy would with George Floyd,
if the focus had been on, okay, here's what we have to do.
We have to seriously, not just lip service,
we have to improve the policing to solve this particular issue.
How do we do that? Well, there are certain logistical things you can do.
You can improve your vetting and hiring of police candidates, right? Of,
of applicants for the job. You can do that. That's a,
that's a protocol you can put in place.
You can improve the training that costs money. So defunding,
the police has kind of. You can,
you can improve the training and make it continuous.
It's not just a one-time thing.
It's a continuous training on how to respond to situations. It's like,
it's like a, a weapons training. If you don't keep doing it,
if you're not always practicing, it just doesn't work. Right.
And then what can you, you do, you can also improve disciplinary action, right?
Those are, those are concrete things that you can do. They're not easy,
right? But it's,
it's not as heavy a lift as deciding in the aftermath of the George Floyd
tragedy,
that what we're rarely going to do is we're going to remove racism from the
hearts and minds of people, Hey, this is not going to happen. Right.
I'd like to think of web in theory, Hey, great. Get rid of racism. But, uh,
I, you know what you should, what this should have been,
was a protest about doing things that actually will impact meaningfully people's
lives. And it, and it, it veered off because people wanted to feel,
self-righteous it veered off into what you have to prove, how you're you are,
you have to remove racism right now. I know, I know, uh,
black people that object to, uh, white people.
I know white people that object to, uh, people not of their race.
I know Hispanics that don't like people of, uh,
of non-Hispanics racism exists, sad to say, right?
And all mankind, it's a human element of, of, of nature.
Would you rather spin your wheels and act self-righteous and try to say, well,
we're gonna have this exercise where we remove racism from, from mankind.
Would you rather say in the aftermath of this,
let's do the things that can actually make a difference.
And that's what we didn't do. And then legitimate protests over,
over the anger and frustration about all this got further hijacked by again,
Antifa, anarchism, whatever you want to call.
That's a big part of the problem. You know, um,
Ben Shapiro and I had this conversation about, uh, the PR the protests and this,
this term where they are large, mostly peaceful protests.
And he had a hilarious point. He said, OJ Simpson had a mostly peaceful night.
The night he killed his wife.
It was only three minutes of the entire day that wasn't peaceful.
Like that is a great point,
but it is true in the protest that most of those people want the world to be a
better place. Right. The problem is the people that hijack that,
and they're trying to light the federal buildings on fire and smash monuments,
you know, particularly, I mean, like they're going after Abraham Lincoln.
I mean, Jesus Christ, right? He's the guy that freed the slaves, like,
what are we doing? And we're going to erase history. Yeah.
W I would have loved if Abraham Lincoln could have had a time machine and gone
to 2020 and understood what we know now about systemic racism. However,
he lived in the 17 hundreds when you wrote with a feather, okay.
Give the guy a break. The world was,
it was a weird place back then.
Well, and that's, and that's part of it is, is trying to,
trying to judge people of the past by current morals or current
understanding, current thinking is, is, uh, is pretty absurd, right?
It doesn't justify past bad actions, but you know what, th this idea,
you know,
that you're going to erase history or remove history or not learn from it, uh,
going forward,
is it discredits the ability of people to have
rational thought, right. To, to understand and look at it at a context,
looking at something in context and say, okay, now a days that's unacceptable,
but okay. I get w you know why these things occurred?
It's tragic or it's regrettable, whatever. But I mean, look, in, in the UK,
they were, you know, they were attacking the statue of Churchill. Yeah. Yeah.
Mean, holy. That's crazy.
Yeah. I mean, I think I said, did I just say Lincoln 17 hundreds of men, 1800?
Well, it was 1865, right? But either way,
the idea that this guy is supposed to be a perfect person back then look,
history is supposed to be about the things that happen.
The people that made a difference and how we got to where we are today.
And Lincoln has a big part, the 1865, the emancipation proclamation.
That's a big part of how we are, who we are today. It's look,
it's horrible that the early settlers brought over
slaves from Africa. It's horrible. That slaves still exist today.
All these things are horrible. They're horrible,
but taking down statues of people that made a difference and made change. Look,
if you want to take,
if you want to take down statues of Confederate generals and stuff like that,
there's a good argument. There,
it's a good argument that maybe we shouldn't have those,
or maybe we should have them somewhere. You know, like,
like at the same place we have a statue of Gingiss con, right?
Like maybe they shouldn't be, you know what I'm saying?
Is there a statue of gang?
I'm sure there is somewhere, somewhere in Mongolia.
There's gotta be right.
Making his car and killed 10% of the population while he was alive.
But it doesn't mean there shouldn't be some recognition of this historical
figure when you're talking about 2020.
Well, I think interestingly, and this doesn't again, you know, you can, you can,
the problem is nowadays, right? You've got a,
you've got sort of the righteous mob on the left,
the righteous mob on the right. And the problem people make is,
is a try to placate one side of the other thinking,
somehow they're always going to be there. They're going to be pure enough.
You're never pure enough for the self-righteous mob,
no matter where they are on the spectrum, they're always find a new,
there's a new benchmark. There's always that opportunity. But you know,
a lot of the Confederate statues out there were put up in an effort to,
and this sounds weird, but in an effort to try to unify the country again,
right. And in the aftermath of, of the civil war,
and there was this element of saying, let's try to. And so, okay. That's a lot.
Of them were put up actually during the civil rights. Right.
They were put up when they were thinking that people are getting too
highfalutin, you wanted to celebrate. And that's absolutely true. Yeah.
Those are the really cheap ones too. It's true. They're really Lee made.
Cause there, they made them real quick. Right.
But I mean, so the point being is I agree. Yeah.
If you want to take those down well sure. Yeah. I mean,
why would you have a statue of some Confederate leader? Find, take it out,
take it off the streets that makes I get, I get that right. That,
and if that helps people feel terrific,
put it in a museum or whatever you're gonna do with it. But George Washington,
George Washington. Yeah. I know exactly. Abraham Lincoln was funny.
When they were taking down Confederate statues. Trump wants said,
what's next you going to take down George Washington. And everyone was laughing.
Like, they're not going to do that, but yet they are going to do that now.
Yeah. Yeah. And you know what, and, and two things, again,
as always can be true at the same time somebody could be, you know, uh,
doing some things you disagree with vehemently,
they could have also done something that helped move the country forward,
did something that had extreme positive. I can.
Just con argument, you know,
they opened up trade with China and the process of killing 10 million people.
He opened up trade with these, let's see a free trader.
I didn't know that. Yeah. It's a free trade.
Guy. Free trade slash raper. Sure. First NAFTA murderer.
He killed so many people. They changed the carbon footprint of the earth. Yeah.
Like times of this crazy article about it though,
like he literally killed 10% of the people on earth,
but he was an angry man. Look,
it's awful that we have history that's filled with terrible acts and
deeds,
but I don't think that removing statues of people who tried to make a
difference, you know, within the context of their, their time, you know,
with Lincoln 1865 with George Washington, 17 hundreds, I mean, this is you're,
you're, you're talking about people that when they were doing this,
they were the best example of humanity that you could find.
They were the best example of what we had. I mean,
when George Washington was the first president of the United States, I mean,
you want to talk about a radical undertaking,
this crazy experiment in self-government while they
escape from the grasp of, of Europe. I mean, it's really nuts.
Yeah. And again, I think there's, there's a, an element here that
we, we missed the, we missed the boat maybe again, right.
We've gone through these. It's not like we haven't had protests before in,
on black lives matter protests and,
and over the same issues of police brutality and all that. But, um, I, I,
it all falls into that same bucket from my perspective that we,
we don't do the hard things. Right. The hard things would have been to say, um,
from a local state and federal position,
let's enact these different protocols that can improve policing.
Let's do those things that we need to do. That's a heavy lift in a way,
the easier things are, let's stare down a statue, right. Or, you know, find,
find a way to, to,
to make us feel better about ourselves without necessarily having it.
And it's like this, this a shell game,
I think that the politicians sometimes play right. That, and you see it,
you saw it in Portland where, you know, okay,
let's just play Kate this for a while. I don't make everybody feel better.
And then they'll, the protests will die down.
Seattle's the best example. Right. When the mayor came out and said,
she called it, maybe it's the summer of love.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 67, the summer of love.
Of that, they have, they've totally squashed that now is that,
that whole place brought back to the original business owners. Uh.
I, you know, I don't know is the answer to that question.
I do know that they've, you know, they've been looking at how do we do, um,
community-based policing? How do we defund the police?
And yet still have something that resembles our response to this citizens need
for security. I don't know what any of all that dribble means. Um,
if you want to, if you want to improve the policing, you it's an investment,
right. It's not defunding, but against defunding and saying that and saying,
this is what I'm for. It's a easy way, right. To feel good.
And to placate people, and then you don't do. And then five years from now,
we have another incident because you didn't actually do the things that make
policing better.
I get where you got in New York city. It began,
it gets even worse for the citizens because now the police don't have any faith
at all in the government. They're not respected. They're not appreciated.
And you've seen this giant uptick in crime because their presence isn't there
anymore. Yeah. I mean, it's really crazy, man.
It's like a movie I've never thought if you will went back to March,
when we shut down,
I never thought I would be sitting here with you at the end of July,
early August here. And we would be talking about this.
I would have never thought that this would have taken place,
that we would have legitimate civil unrest in this country.
People getting shot in the streets and protests, you know? Um,
I know that there's a real concern.
A lot of these cities that they're going,
someone's going to try to recreate what happened in Seattle,
recreate what happened in Portland. And they're worried about it.
The thing about it is it seems so organized. It really does.
It doesn't seem that haphazard, it seems organized. How does, how does,
how do these things get started?
Like how do you get something as big as these Portland riots?
Well, it, it, you know, it's a, it's a really good question.
And sometimes what you see is a,
what appears to be a grassroots movement or grassroots activity happening just
kind of swelling up from, from a couple of neighborhoods. Yes.
There was an element of that, but you also see, like, if you're talking about,
um, you know, um, talking about activist, environmental groups, as an example,
you'll also see some commonality between some of these groups,
you'll see commonality in, in communications advice,
in financing and in legal assistance and support from national
groups. Right. And yet it's in their, um, it's in their agenda.
It's to their advantage to make it appear as if it's a grassroots movement.
So that all stays in the background. I'd argue that, you know, yeah.
Some of this, um, I, and again,
not to disappear down some rabbit hole where it's a George Soros funded thing,
but I mean, you know, is there,
are there some elements that help with, uh,
communication support or, uh,
transportation assistance or legal advice or, uh,
whatever it may be. Absolutely. You know, these things, they,
they very rarely, is there an actual, genuine,
organic grassroots movement that has no, uh, outside organizational support,
that's this spontaneous.
And this big. Yeah. So, yeah, but again, I, you know,
we'll get, we're putting our tinfoil hats on, but if anybody corrected on,
you can put them on, I left mine out in the car, but yeah, I'll go get it.
You've been on the inside, you know, working for the CIA, you know,
how it works.
Oh, we very rarely organized things. Like.
That's not what I'm saying. I'm not saying that, you know, yeah.
You guys.
Did it. I'm saying you understand how these people operate. Right. Right.
There's a way that someone like me doesn't.
And also, you know, again, look, I, I, you know,
we've talked about this in the past and I, I'm not,
I'm not necessarily a conspiracy theorist, but sometimes yeah. Sometimes,
you know, the, the, you got to follow the threads of that you can pull on and,
and sometimes it takes you down an interesting path and you think, okay,
maybe there is something to.
This. I wouldn't say you're a conspiracy theorist,
but I would say you're open to the possibility of conspiracy.
Like when you and I talked about the Martin Luther king assassination. Yeah.
And you, you took a big pause and you said that one does not make sense. Yeah.
No, I agree. I still feel that way. Yeah.
Yeah. One is filled with holes. Yeah. And I agree as well.
I looked into it much more after you and I talked and it's yeah.
The way that you sometimes can get actually further into it without
kind of disappearing down some of these peripheral side stories and issues
is, uh, is money. Right? Look for, look for funding, look for issues of, of, uh,
where did money go. Um, cause that's sometimes will take you down a more,
um, legitimate path, right.
And a lot of times investigations get built on very shaky ground because you
start with a theory or whatever, and it can never starting on firm ground,
but sometimes when you follow the money, it, it,
it keeps you a little more grounded. Um, yeah.
Follow the money, follow the fellow. That's the.
Thing with this. It's like, where is the money coming from?
Like where where's the money coming from that organizes and helps these people
get out of jail and, and all that.
Jazz well, and there's certain things that, uh,
let's go back to Portland for a minute. Um,
one of the problems is I think the media
journalism in general, um, you know,
isn't anywhere near as curious or, or, uh, um,
concerned with investigation as it used to be. Right. It's, it's,
it's easier now to just say, this is where I'm at. I'm subjective.
Of course I'm subjective, you know? And so here I go. Here's my,
here's my there's the idea of objectivity in journalism is pretty much out the
window. Um, with Portland early on, for instance,
they, they published, uh, uh, mugshots and,
and names of,
I think there were maybe a dozen of the individuals who were arrested for
violent activity, right? Violent activity. Now, a curious journalist,
you would have thought would have said, let's do some research.
Let's look at all these people and let's look at their backgrounds. You know,
it's already public information. They've already posted it.
Let's dig into this and find out who are these people?
Are there any linkages or any commonalities between all these individuals?
Can we find something that's interesting there? Maybe we won't,
but let's do some investigation. Right? Cause I, you know,
you'd like to think that's what journalism used to be. And maybe, you know,
it doesn't seem like it is anymore. Um, but that doesn't happen.
I think there's a problem. And here's one of the problems.
Most journalists are left wing. There's a giant number.
I don't know what the percentage of it is,
but if you want to go with whether it's Newsweek or CNN or the New York times or
Washington post, or many, many, many,
many of these papers and organizations lean left,
there's a dirty secret.
The dirty secret is Antifa acts as the thug,
enforcers of the left, the people that do things like this,
whether you approve of violence or disapprove of violence,
what they're doing is they,
they act as the people doing the dirty work that many people on the left
think has to be done in order to enact real change. Now,
if you had the same thing in the right, imagine my friend, Tim Dillon said this,
imagine if the proud boys were lighting Portland on fire, right.
Can you imagine if we had a democratic president and the proud boys were
trying to break into the courthouse and light Portland on fire,
people would go crazy.
It would be terrifying if it was a different political ideology,
but the same exact actions.
So because these actions are done with the correct political ideology, you know,
under the guise of, you know,
racial justice under the guise of reforming our government.
So then everybody's okay with people, literally burning books,
throwing books on a pile. I mean, that's a Bible. So.
Go ahead. You can, it's nicotine crazy.
They're burning Bibles. Like what does the Bible have to do with it?
The Bible gives a lot of people comfort, whether you in it or not,
you throwing stacks of Bibles and then you're lining them on fire in front of a
courthouse. But what if they'd been throwing the Koran? Right. Good.
A very good example. Very good example. It we'd all be losing.
Our minds, but Nancy Pelosi came out and said, well,
people are going to do what they're going to know.
Really Nancy really? Uh.
Well, she's, she's an odd duck. That lady.